Added section about router methods returning a promise (#31341)
vercel/next.js: docs/api-reference/next/router.md

}
```

## Potential eslint errors

> Certain methods accessible on the `router` object return a Promise. If you have the eslint rule, [no-floating-promises](https://github.com/typescript-eslint/typescript-eslint/blob/master/packages/eslint-plugin/docs/rules/no-floating-promises.md) enabled, you will need to either `void` the promise, or use an `async` function, `await` the Promise, then void the function call. **This is not applicable when the method is called from inside an `onClick` handler**.

Reviewer: Please use ESLint instead of eslint 👍

Reviewer: Should we just recommend disabling the ESLint rule for this line? Is there a benefit from this workaround? It feels kinda hacky when really it's from ESLint not understanding what we're trying to do, right?

Author: I think I agree with you tbh. I put this together in response to a discussion you flagged. If people are adding that listing rule it may be beneficial for them to know how to work around it in this case. 

But I agree it seems super hacky. Will refactor

Reviewer: True that. This is a tricky one.

}
```

## Potential ESLint errors

> Certain methods accessible on the `router` object return a Promise. If you have the ESLint rule, [no-floating-promises](https://github.com/typescript-eslint/typescript-eslint/blob/master/packages/eslint-plugin/docs/rules/no-floating-promises.md) enabled, consider disabling it either globally, or for the effected line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Certain methods accessible on the `router` object return a Promise. If you have the ESLint rule, [no-floating-promises](https://github.com/typescript-eslint/typescript-eslint/blob/master/packages/eslint-plugin/docs/rules/no-floating-promises.md) enabled, consider disabling it either globally, or for the affected line.
```

> If your application needs this rule you will need to either `void` the promise, or use an `async` function, `await` the Promise, then void the function call. **This is not applicable when the method is called from inside an `onClick` handler**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your application needs this rule, you should either `void` the promise – or use an `async` function, `await` the Promise, then void the function call. **This is not applicable when the method is called from inside an `onClick` handler**.
```

The affected methods are:

- `router.push`
- `router.replace`
- `router.prefetch`

### Potential solutions

```jsx
import { useEffect } from 'react'
import { useRouter } from 'next/router'

// Here you would fetch and return the user
const useUser = () => ({ user: null, loading: false })

export default function Page() {
  const { user, loading } = useUser()
  const router = useRouter()

  useEffect(() => {

>     // void the Promise returned by router.push

Reviewer 2: Let's add an example above this one to show how to disable a rule for a single line. I think that will be the most popular option since its explicit but void is kinda implicit workaround.

}
```

## Potential ESLint errors

Certain methods accessible on the `router` object return a Promise. If you have the ESLint rule, [no-floating-promises](https://github.com/typescript-eslint/typescript-eslint/blob/master/packages/eslint-plugin/docs/rules/no-floating-promises.md) enabled, consider disabling it either globally, or for the affected line.

If your application needs this rule, you should either `void` the promise – or use an `async` function, `await` the Promise, then void the function call. **This is not applicable when the method is called from inside an `onClick` handler**.

The affected methods are:

- `router.push`
- `router.replace`
- `router.prefetch`

### Potential solutions

```jsx
import { useEffect } from 'react'
import { useRouter } from 'next/router'

// Here you would fetch and return the user
const useUser = () => ({ user: null, loading: false })

export default function Page() {
  const { user, loading } = useUser()
  const router = useRouter()

  useEffect(() => {
    // disable the linting on the next line - This is the cleanest solution

>     // eslint:disable-next-line:no-floating-promises

Reviewer 2: Is this correct? I've never seen the colon syntax and if you search this repo, there is nothing found like this.

I think its supposed to be 

```suggestion
    // eslint-disable-next-line no-floating-promises
```

Author: I went of memory, good catch!
